Well, good evening, family.
Thank you for joining us again today.
We'll pray again tonight, but I'm already late.
I told Braden we'll try to do it quickly because I'm already past time.
All right.
I want to go over some things that were on my heart.
I was going to tell you yesterday about what I was praying about the 25th Amendment and President Trump.
I keep praying against this coup, praying against the attack that will try in the days ahead to overthrow him.
I'm praying against what I saw, a new January 6th moment for the nation trying to come about.
Everybody has been watching his health, him going to the doctors, them giving him his reports, and showing that his mind is right.
As I have been praying, he is refusing accusations with doctor's reports, saying, 'Listen, I am fit to hold office.
I am fit mentally to hold office.
I passed the test.
I'm good.
I'm 80 years old next week, and I'm good.
I'm able to hold office.
I'm able to do it well, and I'm not compromised.
' I truly believe that's what he's doing right now is establishing a foundation against the 25th Amendment, trying to remove him for not being able to perform the duties of the President of the United States.
He is trying to defuse any kind of coup against him.
That's what I've been praying, and the fruit of it is there because he has these doctor's reports.
People go, 'If he's healthy, why does he keep going and getting all these tests done?
Why does he have to have his heart scanned all the time?
' Because he's trying to defuse the outcome before it even starts.
They are trying to say, 'Hey, he's not able to hold office.
He's not able to anymore.
His mind's not right.
He's not ready.
He's overcoming dementia,' or whatever they would try to say.
They didn't do that with Creepy Joe.
But I saw this in the spirit, praying to silence this, because the Lord said, 'I have a plan for him, and he is going to finish.
' We pray for him against that antichrist spirit trying to come and hover over his mind—that demonic spirit that was in the Oval Office, up in a perch hiding, that would come out and peck his mind.
Take no counsel from ungodly people.
Just because they don't have an Ivy League or Harvard education, being a person that is filled with and controlled by the Holy Ghost doesn't mean you're not smart.
Even if you don't have a college degree—a bachelor's, a master's, or a doctorate—putting people around him who are hearing the Holy Spirit will help give godly counsel.
The Bible says, 'Take no counsel from the ungodly.
' And so that's what I was praying for: his health, his body, his mind, his emotions, getting good sleep at night, and not acting out in anger or a spirit of pride.
Some people deal with certain things.
Some deal with anger issues, some with pride issues, some with lust issues, and some with addiction issues.
If you have a pride issue and there is already a familiar spirit that knows you, the devil knows where your weaknesses are.
He studies you.
He knows where your strengths and weaknesses are.
He knows, 'If I can come at this, I can take him out.
' So if you are already dealing with arrogance or pride, he will try to magnify that because he knows God resists the proud.
He is strategic; he's a chess player.
People always try to say the devil's dumb.
The devil's not dumb.
The devil knows the scripture better than we do.
That's why when he manifested and tried to talk to me, the Lord said, 'Don't entertain him, because he knows more scripture than you ever thought about knowing.
He knows how to twist it and use it against you.
' He is the accuser of the brethren.
That's why I am praying for President Trump, praying for the covering over his mind so that he lives long and finishes strong.
I pray that he makes it across the finish line, to cover him so that pride doesn't set in—so he doesn't get arrogant, saying, 'I want to be on the $250 bill.
I want to be on the face of that.
I'm not dead yet, but I want to be the man.
' And to the people around him, the Trump worshipers: he's just a man like everybody else.
But God will anoint a man to lead.
The heart of the king is in the hand of the Lord.
I am praying for humility, praying for a humble heart.
'If my people who are called by my name will humble themselves, pray, and turn from their wicked ways.
' It's all about humbling.
It's about surrendering all, like we talked about last night.
The Holy Spirit said, 'That's all I wanted.
' I said, 'You don't want me to pray anything?
' He is looking for surrender in His people, to surrender all.
'All to thee, my blessed Savior.
All to Him I freely give.
' We give it freely because we have free will.
I just surrender all to You.
God can use the humble.
Humility is what He's looking for, not pride.
He always says, 'These people are stiff-necked to me.
They're stiff-necked.
Their heart is not for me.
Their heart is not for me, Brandon.
Their nose is turned up before me.
' I am praying for Trump to stay on the path of humility.
I saw he was in the valley of decision again concerning Israel, the war, and major decisions.
This is a make-or-break time again concerning the nation in the valley of decision.
How will he handle Israel?
How will he handle America in the days ahead?
Humble yourself underneath the mighty hand of the Lord.
I believe with all my heart he will make the right choices.
Let's pray for him again tonight.
We'll pray for his family, his children, his marriage, and his health.
He is 80 years old.
This is an important milestone in a person's life; making it to 80 is a big deal.
My grandfather didn't make it to 80; he was 76.
There are so many people who don't make it to 80, so that's a big deal.
His health seems to be good based on what the doctor says.
So we will continue to pray for him, for his mind and his emotions, that he would not be hotheaded, but that he would just flow with the Spirit of the Lord.
I believe that's what it's going to take to get him to the other side of this, to live long and finish strong.
We're going to continue to pray for our president.
Regarding the 25th Amendment, why the doctor's reports?
Why is he doing this?
Because it defuses the haters.
It defuses their right to say, 'See, he's not able to hold office.
His health isn't right.
' 'Well, I got a good health report.
So, what's your excuse now?
Are you still going to try to pull me out?
My mind is right.
See, I did the doctor's report.
You can't pull me out.
' So, it defuses it.
Do you see it?
That's why I asked, 'Why is he doing this?
' And the Lord told me, 'This is why.
What you saw is why.
' The Lord has been talking to me just like that—pop, pop, pop.
He said, 'The doctor's report defuses the 25th Amendment and the coup.
' So if you're watching tonight, sir, we pray for you.
We love you.
We pray for you.
We honor your position, we pray for your family, and we're praying for your marriage.
We pray for all of it, that you live long and finish strong, sir.
And there's no other God to us.
You're not God.
You're just our president.
And we love you.
We pray for you just like we pray for our pastors.
We pray for our teachers, our evangelists.
But Jesus is coming, sir.
And we're so excited that He's coming.
You're just helping usher in the King.
He's coming.
Jesus is coming, sir.
And so we're so excited that our King is coming.
And I want to say this—people get real upset.
They say, 'Well, Brandon, you know that I have a lot of the world come over here and watch.
They say, "Why are you picking at the Muslims?
"' I'm not picking at Muslims.
The Muslims are leading you to hell.
And there's no other way to heaven other than the Lord Jesus Christ.
Confess your sins, and He is faithful and just to forgive you of your sins, and He will cleanse you of all unrighteousness.
Jesus Christ is the only way.
You must know Jesus.
You must have a relationship.
You must invite Jesus Christ to be your Lord and personal Savior.
Muhammad will not get you to heaven.
There's no virgins if you commit jihad.
There's nothing.
You will go to hell for eternity.
There's only one way to the Father, and that's the Lord Jesus Christ.
Buddha can't save you.
Muhammad can't save you.
The devil's sure not going to save you.
There's only one who can save you, and that's Jesus.
So, I want to encourage you tonight.
I'm not picking at other religions.
I'm just trying to shed light on there's deception and people are going to hell.
And that's my job as a watchman to warn you that there's no other way to the Father other than the Lord Jesus Christ.
He's the only way.
He is the truth.
He is the light, and there is no other one before Him.
Jesus.
The name of Jesus is above every name.
And so people need to know that.
So people think I'm trying to stir up strife, and I'm like, 'No, no, no, you don't understand.
This is not strife.
This is just the truth.
I'm telling you the truth, and you don't like to hear it.
' So that's why I try to talk to the world.
I try to tell you.
I tell you in love.
That's just love.
You need to know Jesus Christ died for you, and He suffered for you.
He paid the price for you not to go to hell.
You choose hell.
Jesus loves you, and He wants you.
Read John over and over and over again.
Are you a whosoever?
I'm a whosoever.
I believe in Him.
Should not, will not perish, but have everlasting life.
I believe you can be a whosoever.
It's your choice.
For God so loved the world that He gave.
So that's part of it.
But I just want to say that right off the bat.
Those are the things I'm praying over.
As far as all the other things, I pray about the border and all that.
There's a lot there.
Praying over Madison Square Garden.
Now, when President Trump today announced that he's going to the NBA game at Madison Square Garden, security is at an all-time high.
So, he probably did those people a favor.
I don't feel danger concerning his life concerning this.
I believe he did Madison Square Garden and the people attending the basketball game a huge favor.
Huge, and they don't even realize it.
By him going, they've increased the security by huge amounts.
So regardless, the haters are going to hate, but he just saved your life.
Could have, because I believe they'll have more security underneath the stadium, subways; they'll have more security in that city than you could ever imagine because our president's there.
They'll have FBI, they'll have everybody.
They'll have more bomb-sniffing dogs and everything else around that place.
There'll be nothing come around that stadium.
So, if anything, President Trump just did something good for those folks, continuing to pray over this event, continuing to pray over the soccer game, the football game, the soccer at MetLife, praying over New York, praying over these major games.
You know, so we see Trump expected to attend Knicks-Spurs NBA final game the third at Madison Square.
So look at all the police they already got going there.
So there's a lot of security already there and probably already sweeping the building, making sure it's safe.
So interesting to me, you know.
So we keep praying for our president.
We'll pray for protection concerning this basketball game, and continue to cover Madison Square Garden.
And that's what our job is.
We don't stop just because we see things in the spirit.
We see it.
And I believe it's to prevent it, to pray, to intercede.
Now, what have we seen concerning this?
I said I see a new Ground Zero.
Now, I believe what I'm seeing is still Chicago, but I can't pinpoint it yet.
But the Lord said a new Ground Zero.
Subways, mass transit—praying over our mass transit concerning subways and flooding the Northeast River into the subway system by blowing it up and letting water flow into it to drown the people.
And I saw a major attack with a river coming out of a bank coming into a subway by a device, a major device causing water to flow and fill the tunnel up so that they can't get out and they drown.
It sounds like some kind of Batman movie, but that's what I saw.
But we will continue to pray and praying over fires for rioting.
Now, we're seeing Paris go through major stuff right now.
What I saw concerning Paris, I said I saw the Eiffel Tower, I saw fires burning throughout Paris.
I've said this so many times.
I said, 'This is not normal.
This is a black swan event.
This is an event that is being brought on by the government of France.
' This is not normal.
These are like paid demonstrators.
This is what I said over and over again.
I see paid demonstrators setting things on fire.
This is—I kept telling y'all there will be a black swan event.
Major people go, 'What's a black swan event?
' Whenever it's not terrorists, it's your own government doing something.
There's something happening, is what I saw.
And I said, 'When they light Paris on fire and they start rioting out of nowhere,' that's what I saw.
I saw people burning trash cans and cars and buildings, and there was smoke burning up from the Eiffel Tower, and there was all kinds of fires everywhere.
And I said, 'I saw Emmanuel Macron on a black swan, and he was riding it down the river.
' And I put it on the cartoon for you, the little picture, and I said he had a—it was about the Olympics and praying over this time frame, praying over this.
I see Olympics.
I see an event.
Well, it's a soccer game, it wasn't Olympics.
See, I see in part here, in part, and when you add to anything, it's bad, you mess up.
But I see an event, and I told everybody, I said, 'Pray over this.
I see it on fire.
There's a major uprising about to happen in Paris.
' But I said this is about bringing forth the Antichrist spirit and control for digital ID, for bringing forth control over the people, that they will lose their freedoms through a police state on a greater level.
A police state will come out of this, and it will spread through Australia, Italy, Germany, England, and it will start to spread like a cancer throughout Europe.
Does anybody remember this stuff?
Braden, you do.
Brad said, 'Oh, yeah.
' Do you have your microphone on?
You have to watch it because Megan's kind of fussy tonight.
So we will continue to pray for Europe.
A major revival is about to take place.
A major shaking to awaken is coming to the nations, and it will spread throughout Africa.
It will spread.
Look at this.
Look what's going on here.
This is Mexico.
Okay.
Yeah.
What's going on with Mexico?
I don't know what they're even doing, but they're mad about their soccer.
I think they're mad about soccer, too.
I think so.
Why is everybody upset about soccer?
It's a fun thing to watch.
People are nuts.
But see, it's not right.
It's the same kind of spirit.
I told you the antichrist spirit will come and people will start acting stupid when their church is raptured and they will start burning things down.
It's the same kind of spirit on people.
This is it.
They don't think right.
It's groupthink.
Like Diana learned in college, she's always talking about groupthink.
People think when everybody sees everybody together, a crowd starts thinking groupthink and they start acting nuts.
But that doesn't even make sense.
Why are they doing that?
They're destroying stuff.
There are gangs and stuff.
So an uprising of civil unrest is happening obviously around the world.
We have a major protest on the 14th for no kings.
I have a great caution concerning this to pray.
Praying for the no kings rally that will be around New York, New Jersey for President Trump on his birthday with the 250th Braden.
Yeah.
What I'm talking about is with the soccer game, the World Cup, and praying for his birthday, praying for this between now going all the way to July the 4th, praying over this time frame, praying over for a major uprising and terrorist attack, terror in the heartland, praying for the Riverwalk, praying for San Antonio tonight.
They're having a basketball game there right now.
It's the fourth quarter.
It looks like the Knicks are up.
I don't want to spoil it for nobody if they're watching, because I'd be like, "Don't tell me.
" Is that right?
Everything today.
Yeah.
He said he was going to enjoy doing that.
Okay.
Anything you want, any news today?
I kind of covered everything that I've been praying over.
Okay.
And then you had this guy.
US-Iran tech boss arrested at 35 million mansion on charges of selling US hardware to Iranian military and nuclear programs.
Wow, he was rich.
Yeah, $35 million house.
Look at that house, it's beautiful.
And that's in California.
I believe so.
So he's selling that to Iran.
Our secrets.
Yeah, all hardware.
I wonder what does that mean.
Computers.
Yeah, computers.
The feds have just raided a 35 million mansion for an Iran tech boss, leaving the Californian accused of sending US computer equipment to Iran's military and nuclear programs.
Interesting.
I wonder if he's sending them Apple computers.
Well, what kind of computers do you give?
Yeah.
And then this guy was saying, they're saying he was unwilling to say Britain is a Christian country or whatever.
Okay, play that.
Is Britain still a Christian country?
The prime minister, if you don't mind, are we still a Christian country?
No.
Look, I mean, in terms of a Christian country, I was Christian.
So that is, my church has been all my life, and we are, you know, that is wired into our informal constitution.
Of course, we celebrate many other faiths as well and I'm really proud that we're able to do so as a country.
Next, and then they're saying hosting of Tasmania.
Is your microphone on?
Yeah.
Talk to them.
Okay.
Putin is hosting the president of Tasmania in the Kremlin supposedly.
Yeah, play that.
Okay.
And then Iran struck an airport in Kuwait.
I don't know if that has audio.
I don't want to make sure it doesn't have audio.
Okay.
Yeah.
So, Iran struck an airport in Kuwait.
This is the other view of it.
Is that the one?
Oh, yeah.
That's what happened with Kuwait today.
Iran struck the airport in Kuwait and it was their drone going into it.
I thought they were out of stuff.
Yeah, I know.
They're obviously not.
Okay, now this is neat right here.
Look at the red wave.
Now, play this.
This is neat.
I'm excited about this.
This is what I saw.
I said I saw a red wave starting out from where it's at right here over Nevada, and it went over the ocean over California.
And the Lord said, "Praying for a wave.
Pray for a red wave concerning midterms.
" And I saw a red wave and revival starting to break out in California.
The Lord said, "Pray for this.
" It will be a shock and awe.
And the same last night we saw for Minnesota, I saw a blanket coming up over Minnesota and a beautiful blanket was wrapped around Minnesota.
And I was praying for Minnesota for a red wave, a beautiful...
And you say, "Well, why?
" People would say, "Well, Brandon, why do you...
I see change coming.
I see change.
" The Lord said, "Pray for change.
Pray for revival.
Pray for a fresh touch from my presence on these states.
" And so, go ahead and show this.
We do have some of that, as we said, some of that early vote is now in in Los Angeles.
This looks like it did with that vote by mail.
It doesn't look like that gap between Becerra and Steyer has changed much here.
Again, this is where Becerra represented.
So, there'd have to be either some change with that polling place vote or it's just going to have to be such a flood of Democratic ballots coming in after, you know, being tabulated after election night or into the wee hours this morning that would just lift both Democrats over Hilton.
That's increasingly what it needs to be for Steyer.
Is this right now, son?
Yeah, I guess so.
Yeah, they're saying I don't know, is Hamilton.
Yeah.
So is that for what?
Primaries.
The primaries.
Yeah.
So he's ahead by quite a bit, looked like.
A primary for what though, buddy?
California election.
They need a morning.
I know.
But is it for a mayor, governor, senate, house, voter ID?
No mail-in here.
If Republicans like John, they're saying governor.
Governor, that's what they're saying.
Wow, that's amazing.
So, bye-bye Newsom.
He'll be slithering on his belly up to the White House trying to at least with his forked tongue, licking the dirt as he goes.
I saw him.
Yeah, they're all saying governor.
So, governor.
So, he's ahead for governor.
That's great.
And then if Spencer Pratt gets mayor.
Yeah, that would be fantastic, wouldn't it?
That would be a red wave.
So, and then we just got to get Nancy Pelosi out of there and get a red seat in there, and Nancy Pelosi's done.
Wouldn't that be wonderful?
California has a revival coming.
Look at that.
People are fed up, fed up with the corruption.
Y'all, we just got to pray for no voter fraud.
Too big to rig in Jesus' name.
Wouldn't that be wonderful?
So, this is just primary.
So, then we...
No, there are bad words in the comments.
It's not on screen.
California.
Okay.
Yeah.
Final LA.
No, it's fine.
People are just foul.
Yeah, it didn't show up on screen.
It's good.
California officials warn final LA mayor election results could take weeks.
I wonder why.
It's going to take weeks to figure out all these ballots we have to make up.
We have to go in the back and we'll pay the people to make these ballots.
It's going to take weeks to find all these ballots with the 54% of voter counted, you know, cause we are just really behind and we got to hire some extra people.
We don't know what we're doing, you know, we haven't done this for the last hundred-some years plus, and, you know, it's a big deal.
So, we got to figure it out, you know, hire some extra people.
So, it might take weeks to figure out if Spencer won or not because we don't like him.
And we got to make sure that those fake ballots from your dead uncle that voted get counted.
It's real important to us that your dead uncle has a vote still.
And your dog.
We heard about your dog.
He wanted a vote too, right?
And the cat, because he's a registered voter, and we want to make sure that one's there, too.
So, we got to get it ready because we know the 2028 election's coming and we'll have that ready for you.
Sad?
Yeah.
So, I didn't know Alfred voted.
He's been dead for 20 years now.
It's going to take us a long time.
Well, look at that.
We found an extra 10,000 votes.
You ready?
Anything else?
Yeah.
Is it the other one?
But there's your Red Wave.
It's happening just like the Lord said.
Pray.
And right where that line is, I've seen it breaking off into the water.
You see all that blue?
It is oceanfront property.
And we ain't saying it's bad.
I'm just saying I've seen a great earthquake.
Ready?
Yep.
And then you had Trump saying that he called, whatever.
Oh yeah, we saw him talk.
Go ahead and play this.
You had a phone call with Bibi Netanyahu, the prime minister of Israel, in which you were angry with him.
You said, 'Are you effing crazy?
What are you effing doing?
I helped you stay out of jail.
' Is that true?
Did you speak to him in those terms?
I did.
I wouldn't say angry.
I was a little bit perturbed at his constantly fighting with Lebanon.
You know, at some point I said maybe we got to stop this.
We got to stop it.
But I have a very good relationship.
We've done well together.
He always says we could never have done it, but everybody knows that we could have never done it without the United States.
But we've worked very well together.
I like Bibi a lot.
And I've worked very well with him.
We had, you know, where I'm a wartime president, he's a wartime prime minister.
Very important part of the world.
And I think we've done, you know, very well.
We've gotten along very well together.
He even confessed.
I said Trump will be known as a wartime president.
That was before he won.
And that was the word right before the election of 2024.
And the Lord said Trump will be known as a wartime president.
But he came out of the box saying, 'I'm going to be a man of peace and I want the Nobel Peace Prize.
' Remember that?
And the Lord said, 'No, he will be known as a wartime president.
' And I kept hearing, 'War, war, war, war, war, war,' and it was echoing.
And then I was praying for Ukraine.
I saw Ukraine.
I saw all these things.
And then I was praying for peace concerning that, and a diffusing of things.
And I saw Zelensky being taken out by an assassin.
Go ahead.
Yeah, that's pretty much it.
That's it.
Yeah.
Well, that was good.
I enjoyed that one.
Yeah.
And then he reacted to Trump himself.
Oh, we got to hear what he has to say.
What's his rebuttal that he said, 'You're effing crazy.
' How did you react to that?
What really happened in that call?
Well, sometimes we have, as in the best of families, these tactical disagreements.
We always find a way to work them out, and we do so as great friends.
We can disagree in the morning and by the afternoon we have common action.
Wow, that's a huge statement.
So, we're buddies again.
That's great.
Yeah, indeed.
At least they can cuss each other and not completely sever a relationship.
That takes something.
Yeah.
And this guy is saying that there are all these Russians dying.
I mean, he's part of NATO, but...
Yeah.
Who?
This guy is from NATO, but he's saying all these Russians are dying.
What Russians are dying?
You mean the soldiers?
Yeah, the soldiers.
Yeah, NATO.
Okay.
Let's listen to him.
I have to say something here, but I need to say it to young Russians and their families.
You are being sold a raw deal.
Men like you who join the fight, you won't be trained.
The equipment they'll provide you is substandard.
There's a very high chance you'll die or be wounded while you're out there.
And the odds are that if you are wounded, you will be left to suffer in the mud and die.
So when we talk about tens of thousands of Russian casualties, that's not abstract.
That will probably be you.
Wow.
So that's interesting.
Yeah.
But does that mean any more Ukrainians go home, you know?
The whole thing is crazy.
Yeah.
Okay, that's it.
Just don't join NATO.
Here we go.
Now, this is interesting.
Now, I don't know this man, okay?
And I want to say that, and I'm not poking at it.
I just remember what the word of the Lord said, that there'll be people preaching behind platforms and they'll fall over dead.
First Corinthians 5:5, okay?
And this is interesting to me.
That's all I'm going to say about this.
This is interesting to me.
Now watch.
Play it.
So, we're going to pray now, and we're going to intercede for the nations and we're going to pray for the churches.
We're going to pray for revival.
We're going to pray for a shaking in the churches.
We're going to pray for a major wakeup, for He's going to bring the bride to His side.
And First Corinthians 5:5 is coming.
He said over the summer months, you'll see people behind pulpits and they'll fall over dead as they preach, for First Corinthians 5:5 will come to full manifestation.
And you'll see things.
You're going to see great leaders go home.
You're going to see people with huge platforms go home.
And you'll see new Davids rise up, new faces.
He said, 'A refining fire is taking place, for judgment begins in the house of the Lord first, and to whom much is given, much is required.
' And they said, 'I've always done it this way.
We've always done it this way.
' And He said, 'Brandon, there will be no more of the way you used to do it.
Behold, I'm going to do something new.
For the way you used to do it was for that generation.
But what I'm going to do is something new that's never been seen before on this Earth.
So if you are a bump in the road, you better move out of the road.
If you say this is the way we're going to do it now because this is the way we did it then, you better get out of the way.
I warn you, follow the voice of the Lord and whatever He tells you to do, do it.
It may not be what you want to do because we've always done it that way.
Do what He tells you to do.
Follow the voice of the Lord.
Listen to Him and listen to Him again.
Take your preconceived ideas of how you think it should be out and say, "God, here am I.
I surrender all.
" Like we were talking about last night.
I'm looking for surrender, Brandon.
That's what I want tonight.
Surrender.
And that's what we sang over and over and over again: I surrender all.
Because He's looking for a heart that will just be yielded.
And I saw a refining taking place over major ministry, a refining.
And I saw that the greater glory comes on the leaders with refining.
Refining is the qualification for the acceleration.
Refining is qualification for acceleration.
You qualify, and there's going to be a qualification for acceleration, and the greater glory is coming on the bride.
And there'll be faces that you've never seen before getting ready to step on the scene.
You're going to go, "Who is this person?
" Their roots are way deep.
The taproot of that individual will be way deep for the qualification of where they are.
So don't despise them.
Be watchful over who you listen to, though.
If the spirit of the Lord is there and you see the miracles and the signs and wonders, even test it then.
Test it.
Watch.
Test the spirits.
Make sure.
Because even the devil's crowd will do signs and wonders to try to deceive the nations because they'll preach a double-sided gospel.
There's only one way to the Father, and that's the Lord Jesus Christ.
If they preach anything other than that, run.
Jesus is the way.
The word of God is the only truth.
You must read your Bible and pray.
This is waterproof.
I got this for the end times because I wanted somebody, if because I know I'm going in the rapture and I know that there'll be family or whoever that gets left.
And this is a waterproof Bible.
So, this is my waterproof Bible.
And you can dip this in the lake or whatever, a stream or whatever, and it won't ruin it.
The pages are waterproof.
The pages won't mess up.
So, you can get it completely submerged in water and it will never mess this Bible up.
So, I got it because it's something you could take in the woods.
I was proud of it.
Diana found it for me.
She goes, "Hey, I found this.
" And I said, "This is the coolest thing ever.
" The pages are like plastic.
They're real, you know, so it's kind of neat.
I figure it would be somebody that gets left because the Bibles will be hard to come by.
But you need to read your Bible and you need to make the word of God a foundation in your life before you listen to any YouTube channels or anything.
You need to have a foundation of the word inside of you.
"I will hide his word in my heart that I might not sin against him.
" Have great discernment, even more so in these last days, of who you're listening to and who's allowed to impart into you.
I don't allow people to touch me.
I will shake your hand, I'll pray for you or whatever, but very often I'll not allow people just to touch me.
I don't allow people to touch my kids either or my wife.
It's a rule, period.
Do not lay hands on a man suddenly.
And I've learned the hard way from that.
Don't allow people just to be touching you.
Be watchful over who imparts inside of you, to your spirit.
Just always touching, "Oh, lay hands on me, brother.
I want some of that.
" No, no, no.
I don't know what you got.
You ain't touching me.
Be more discerning on who lays hands on you.
Watch their fruit.
People say, "I want to pray for your daughter.
" No, no, no.
I don't know you.
I know you mean well, but you're not touching my child unless I know you.
You're not imparting nothing.
Witches try to do it.
Warlocks try to touch you.
They want to impart.
They want to touch you.
No, you ain't touching me.
I don't mean to be rude, but you've just got to use more wisdom in these last days.
You have to use more wisdom.
Watch and see the fruit before you let them impart their stuff.
I trust Billy Burke.
I'm going to be honest with you, he's a genuine man of God.
And of anybody that I trust, I trust Billy Burke.
And I've talked to him on the phone and in person, and there's not very many people that I would say I would trust my life to.
There's people that I go, "I trust Billy Burke.
He's a good man.
You can pray for me anytime.
" There's not very many though that I would ever let just touch me.
Pastor Candace, there's Billy Brim.
There's people that I know that are genuine, but there's just not very many that I would just let them touch me.
You need to be smart.
Discerning is a better way.
You need to use your head, but you need to be discerning in your spirit of who is imparting into you.
Does that make sense?
Y'all need to come up higher.
There's a lot of it on YouTube.
There's a lot of weirdness, and there will be more and more in the days ahead.
So, I try to encourage you to have a filter.
Use your spiritual filter and filter that water.
There's a river coming out of somebody, but you got to filter it.
Filter their water.
Filter the water that's coming out of them.
Make sure it's good.
Don't just drink everything you hear.
Filter it through your spiritual discernment and filter it through the word.
Filter your water.
"I have a river of life flowing out of me that makes the lame to walk and the blind to see.
Open prison doors, set the captives free.
I got a river of life flowing out of me.
" Filter the water.
Filter it.
Make sure what you're hearing is right.
Filter it through the word.
Don't just drink it.
And don't let people impart into you by laying hands on you.
So wisdom of the day, huh?
People will let you down.
So you got to know there's a lot of stuff.
And the more we get into this in the end times, you're going to see more and more and you'll be like, "Man, I watched them for years.
I let that come into my house for years.
" That is very disappointing.
I go, "Yeah, I remember that.
" In the '90s, I remember when they first started, they had nothing.
I remember.
Do you know I remember when Joyce Meyer first started?
I remember one of her first meetings.
She came to Calvary Cathedral at Bob Nichols' church in Fort Worth, Texas.
And we went to Joyce Meyer's, one of her first meetings.
She had big hair, big bangs, big hair.
She was just starting out.
I remember it.
I remember when a man named Tim Storey started out.
I don't even know where he is anymore.
There's people you start out, you watch them, and I remember their ministries.
You know what I'm saying?
They come and they go.
People come and they go.
I always talk about what is longevity in ministry.
Billy is always talking about longevity.
How do you have longevity in ministry?
And I meditate on what he says because he's been in ministry for a lot longer than I've been alive.
He's been preaching the gospel.
So, I listen to people who've been in it for a long time.
I listen to Billy Brim who's been in it.
A woman in what you want to call a Christian man's world preaching, where they say, "Well, we don't want women preaching behind our pulpit, we don't want this.
" She's been through hell and still stands strong without a husband.
Her husband went home to be with the Lord and she's still standing strong all these years.
You listen to people who've been through some fire and you go, "Wow, and you're still going.
" Raising four kids by herself.
Her husband passed away.
She had four kids.
Beautiful kids.
All good kids.
All love the Lord.
None of them heathens.
You go, "Where's the one?
Well, he's out doing drugs.
We don't know where he's at.
" All love the Lord.
All serve in ministry.
By herself, she didn't have a husband helping her, but she kept them all together.
And they all are prayer warriors, and I'd let any of those people pray for me.
And you go, "Hmm, there's fruit behind what they say and they're not flaky.
" You have to get behind people who are not flaky.
When you look at the fruit of the kids, you watch the children.
When you say who you are, I watch your kids.
Let me see your kids.
Because you train up a child in the way they should go and when they get older, they'll not depart from it.
Right?
That's what the Bible says.
So, I look at the fruit of the children.
And I'm not picking at people.
If you have kids that are messed up and everything, they'll come back.
Things happen.
But I always look at the older kids.
How are they doing right now?
How are things going?
So, I'm not trying to judge.
That's just why I'm telling you my thermostat of what I watch for.
How are things going with your kids?
Are they bickering?
Are they in strife?
What's going on?
Are they fighting over the ministry?
Are they trying to kill each other right now?
What's going on?
Watch the fruits and you can see the roots.
You know, how are your children?
How are you?
How's your marriage?
I want to look at your marriage.
How's the marriage going?
Does your wife honor you?
Do you honor your wife?
It's good.
You can parrot a lot of things behind the stage and on camera.
You can say a lot of things, but what are you like when the camera is off?
Is the gospel you preach real to you?
Is there fruit behind what you believe?
Brandon's thoughts for the day.
Father, I just thank you for the body.
I thank you for every single person who's here tonight.
We're so grateful for every single one of them.
Lord, we lift up this time before you and President Trump.
And we thank you, Lord, for our nation.
We thank you, Father, for the fruits.
Father, I thank you for the roots.
And Father, we're so grateful for every single person that spends their quality time praying with us.
We don't take it lightly, for many hands make light work.
We lift up this body before you.
And I believe that tonight there's a lot of people that are getting their healings, their manifestations of what they're believing for.
Father, there's complete breakthrough.
Father, there's no more of this drama going on in our life, but today is the expiration date of the drama.
And we lift up this body and we praise you, Father, for our kids, for our children, for our health, for our marriages, for all of it.
God, we thank you, Lord, that there's deliverance, there's healings.
Father, like my Megan, Lord, I thank you that she's healed.
I thank you, Lord, that by your stripes, Lord, Megan is healed.
Thank you for Braden.
Thank you for Paisley.
Thank you, Lord, for my wife.
Thank you, Lord, for what you've provided for us.
Thank you, Lord, for all that you've done for us.
Thank you, Lord, that we are in unity and everything is good.
Father, there's health and healing and wellness on all of us.
Thank you, Lord.
That's how you pray.
You just keep going.
Thank you, Lord, for our unsaved loved ones, that they'll know you.
Thank you, Father, that love is king in our homes.
Love is king in our children.
Love is king in us.
Love is king.
Father, I thank you for filters, that we filter the water that we're drinking.
We filter the water through the word.
We filter the water through the blood.
But we take this body right now in the name of Jesus, and we give you all the glory, honor, and praise that we have discernment in these last days of who's imparting into our life.
And we take this body in the name of Jesus, and we give you all the glory, honor, and praise that today is the day for our expiration date for what we're believing for.
And we thank you, Lord.
Amen and amen.
Lord, we apply the blood.
We apply the blood.
We make much of the blood.
We thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Lord, for the blood.
We apply the blood.
Thank you for the blood.
We're so grateful.
It never loses its power.
Every time I come to your throne, Lord, I sit at your feet.
I humble myself before you.
We take this blood right now in Jesus' name, uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
We plead the blood, Father, in the name of Jesus.
Thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Lord, for my heart, for my body, for all of us.
We're healthy, whole, and well—not just our physical hearts, but our spiritual hearts.
We test our thermostats.
We make sure we're right before you by surrendering all.
We test our spiritual hearts.
We give you all, we surrender all.
Thank you for the blood, Lord, in Jesus' name.
It's personal.
Play it again, sing it again, that one song tonight.
We'll sing it—that was the highlight of my night last night: 'I Surrender All.
' And then let's jump in this river; we have work to do.
'All to Jesus I surrender, all to him I freely give.
I will ever love and trust him, in his presence daily live.
I surrender all.
All to thee, my blessed Savior, I surrender all.
' Verse again: 'All to Jesus I surrender, all to him I freely give.
I will ever love and trust him, in his presence daily live.
I surrender all.
All to thee, my blessed Savior, I surrender all.
I surrender my life.
I surrender my all to you.
Take all of me.
We surrender all.
All to you, my blessed Savior, we surrender.
Oh, there's something there at the blessed surrender.
We surrender all.
I surrender it all.
Lord, we surrender all to thee, my blessed Savior.
We surrender all.
We yield ourselves to you.
Holy Spirit, pray through us.
Holy Spirit, we yield.
We humbly bow our heads to you, and we yield.
We surrender all.
All to you, our blessed Savior, we surrender all.
I hear it, so come on.
We surrender all.
I see, I'm looking at something.
Fine, Mama, unless she wants to read it again, Maurice Sklar's word at the throne room, at the judgment seat with the scales.
You can play the video again, or we can get Mom.
She's busy, but I see this when she...
remember when she read that?
Yeah.
There's something about the word in the throne room, in the courts of heaven.
I see it: Marie Skyler's word.
'We surrender all.
We surrender all.
All to thee, my blessed Savior, we surrender all.
' I surrender my life.
I surrender my all.
Lord, I surrender my life, Lord.
Take all of me.
Take all of us.
For the eyes of the Lord run to and fro throughout the whole earth, looking for a heart who's perfect toward him.
We surrender all.
All to thee, my blessed Savior, we surrender all.
You can just play it, honey.
Just play part of it.
There's something about the scales and the harbingers.
Now, I saw Jonathan Cahn has a brand new book coming out about the Pergamon Altar, I believe is what it's called.
And he has a new book coming out.
Now, it's interesting that he brought the video out yesterday after we were praying for him.
Now, what I was seeing about a new book standing at a faucet...
but I said he's going to release a new book, but I saw a writer's block.
And I was praying over that writer's block.
I was praying over the harbingers.
There's something about to be released.
But he's about to release a new book about the Pergamon Altar, about a thousand-year-old discovery that was dug out of the ground.
It's about the end times and the Hitler spirit.
I don't think this is what I was praying over because the book is already written.
I mean, it probably was back at the first of the year.
It takes a while to publish a book, maybe even last fall.
So, I don't know.
But I was praying over a new book, is what I saw, his writer's block, praying for this.
This is a major, significant book.
But he's talking about a new book right now, so I thought that was interesting because I saw it on his channel.
He said a new book's coming.
And do you see that book, son?
No.
Should I get this?
Okay, good job.
Do you want to read?
You can play this.
No, it's fine.
I want you to play that instead.
Got it.
Okay, you got it.
I have it.
You're good.
We can replay it over here, honey.
Tell everybody hi.
Do you want me to read it?
I have the printout right here.
No, it's fine.
Don't worry about it.
Over here, you're good.
We can play it over there.
Don't worry about it tonight.
We can play it right here.
This is good.
This is important.
It's like you in live time.
No worries.
You need to know where I had a vision, a prophetic experience.
As I was eating lunch recently, suddenly a portal opened in the spirit realm.
And my angel said to me, 'You are summoned to come to the courtroom of heaven.
You are to record the case being tried now so that God's people will know the lateness of the hour.
You must warn them so that the bride may awaken and take heed.
The time is short.
' I was escorted by two angels to a seat on the left side, down front of the Supreme Courtroom.
There were many hundreds of angels and saints already seated before the bench.
I was surprised how much it looked like our Supreme Court room in America, except it was much larger.
It looked more like a giant arena with thousands of seats ascending up as far as I could see.
There were five big leather lawyer-like chairs with wings on each side in the front row.
They reminded me very much of the kind of chairs my father always sat in behind his desk at his law firm years ago.
There were gold embossed cards on them that said recorder on all five of these chairs.
I must have been the first to arrive and I was ushered into one of the closest to the bench.
I sat down and sunk into this really comfortable chair and was handed a pen in a small scroll.
I was curious as I looked at it, for it looked really old-fashioned.
The pen was a feather quill with an old-fashioned nib like a fountain pen at the bottom to write with.
The pad was a scroll that was made out of parchment.
It could open automatically as you wrote on it when you got to the bottom of the page.
It was kind of like an iPad that looked like a small Torah scroll at the same time.
The angel showed me how it worked.
It was extremely easy to hold and write on.
When I would start to write, it would write whatever I thought of in perfect calligraphy script as fast as I thought it.
The nib seemed to just fly over the parchment with ease in my hand.
It would write whatever the angel put into my mind from what I saw and heard to record and then would describe perfectly any other information the Holy Spirit deemed important in an instant as it appeared.
It was the easiest thing I have ever written, and it seemed to do all the work without my thinking or trying.
I think this must be heaven's way of court legal stenography.
Most amazing of all, I was writing in Hebrew, and I hardly know the language at all, but somehow I understood and thought in fluent Hebrew during this vision.
I cannot offer any explanation for this at all.
The angel said, "You are one of the five prophet recorders that have been summoned from the earth to chronicle and witness this trial soon to begin.
Just let the pen flow over the parchment and it will be a witness to the proceedings.
Then you will sign it when it is finished and it will be added to the eternal ledger of legal proceedings.
" Soon the other four recorders were seated and shown how to write as I was.
I recognized one of them as a current prophet on earth.
He was the only other from the western world.
I cannot speak of whom it was at this time, and the other three of them were not known to me.
We were all different races from different regions of the earth.
One was a Chinese woman of great age who just glowed with the wisdom and love of God.
We were dressed in black robes with red border sashes at the sides and the sleeves.
The other prophet recorder was a lady from Africa who had a headdress that wrapped around her head which flashed rays of light whenever she moved.
She spoke and wrote in French, I believe.
The fifth was a man from South America.
I was given a yarmulke of golden color.
It had 12 ruby stones around it.
God called me to wear a yarmulke whenever I minister on earth.
So I wasn't surprised that I had one to wear here.
When the angel put it on my head, I could feel the weight of it was made out of actual metal, gold, even though it felt soft to the touch, like silk.
Everyone finally assembled, and a great and beautiful angel who presided over the courtroom named Justice stood up.
She seemed to tower over us and was about 20 ft tall.
Then angels appeared with long trumpets on either side of the courtroom and sounded a fanfare that ended with a blast.
The angel Justice then shouted with a very loud but soprano voice, "All rise, the honorable ancient of days, the judge of all creation, the king of ages, the most high Lord Almighty is present and presiding.
" We all stood up exactly at the same time in unison.
Then the most awesome sound of praise and worship filled the atmosphere as we all began to praise his glorious majesty together.
I have never experienced such a sense of awe as the fear of the Lord filled the court.
It was only then that I could just make out who was seated behind the holy bar.
There were not nine judges, but 12.
God the Father sat in the middle with six of the Supreme Court judges on both sides of him.
I somehow knew he was the final deciding vote in every decision.
After our praise was finished, the angel justice, who I now saw was a lady and not a male angel, shouted, "Be seated.
The high court is now in session.
" She was standing just in front of his throne.
She had a golden gavel and struck a giant crystalline base with it.
There was a great thunderclap and lightning flashed out from the gavel base and flew across the room in all directions.
It was only then that I could see the judges behind the bench.
The only person that I could not see was the face of the father, but I could see the throne he sat upon and the outline of his face.
He seemed to be clothed in a white blinding light as well.
He had a black robe on, but had every color of the rainbow flashing out of it.
If he moved even slightly, lightning bolts would fly all over the room out of his head, his hands, and his feet.
The other judges on the father's right hand were Enoch, father Abraham, Moses the lawgiver, David the king, Elijah the prophet, and Daniel.
On the father's left hand were John the Baptist, Peter, James, John, Andrew, and Paul the Apostle.
I do not know whether these were the permanent judges of the Supreme Court of Heaven or not, but these were the ones seated for this case.
They all were also dressed in these black iridescent judge robes.
There were stunning crowns of glory on each of their heads, and they were holding gold scepters in their right hands.
The father in the middle on the throne of judgment held the biggest scepter and had many crowns suspended over his head that shot lightnings out from out of them in every direction.
I could not look upon him or his face because it was so bright.
It was like looking into the noonday sun.
I was given one glimpse at him when he first came into the courtroom.
There was a rainbow that would appear that encircled him above and below that I saw a few times during this vision.
I could not endure looking at him for more than a split second before I had to avert my eyes for the white blinding brightness was too intense.
All the judges behind the great bar were emanating great light that was also nearly blinding.
That is the closest I can describe them now.
Then the case was read before all present by Lady Justice the Angel.
She spoke, "This is the summary of the case brought before the Supreme Court of Heaven today.
The timing of the final judgments of the day of the Lord must be decided.
The accuser Satan is prosecuting, declaring that the time of Adam's lease is over and he must be allowed to take ownership of the earth for a time and times and half a time as it is written in the holy scriptures.
" Representing the holy defense is the Lord Yeshua Jesus the Messiah, the Lamb of God.
At this, Yeshua himself stood up at the defense of his table as the advocate general of the bride of Messiah on earth.
He was representing the holy saints of God still alive in their bodies on earth.
When he stood up at the left table, everyone bowed and worshiped except those at the prosecution table to the right.
There was a very handsome man who just sat stonefaced with several other princes at the prosecution table.
They did not move.
The headman sneered as they worshiped Yeshua.
Representing the agenda of the fallen Lucifer, now called Satan, is himself the accuser, liar, and deceiver, HaSatan.
At this, the handsome prince with the evil smirk stood up.
No one moved.
There was silence in the courtroom for about a minute.
Then, Lady Justice spoke again.
"You may sit down now.
" Finally, he did so with another sneering grunt.
I marveled that he seemed human and actually very attractive to look at, although there was no heavenly light in him or around him.
"The prosecution may proceed," Lady Justice proclaimed.
At that, this man stood up.
He was robed in a black suit that had a long cape of crimson red that followed behind him.
He had gold epaulets on his shoulders that were built into his cape.
He was very articulate and extremely haughty.
I got sick to my stomach as he spoke.
He walked back and forth in front of the courtroom in long strides with his nose in the air.
It reminded me of a painting of what Napoleon looked like, except this man was much taller than Napoleon.
He began his long diatribe of accusation against fallen man.
He seemed to know the Bible very well.
Starting from Adam and Eve, he began accusing God of failing mankind in every generation.
He started with the stipulation, "Adam was given exactly 6,000 years to rule the earth.
He gave that lease to me, and I own it, and I have a right to rule over every man, woman, and child who are mine by Adam's free choice.
The time is up.
I now demand to be given to me the government of mankind through whom you call the son of perdition.
I call him my son of man.
I have the scriptural right to take control of the earth for seven years.
Give it to me now.
" Then he sat down again for about a minute or so.
There was complete silence.
Lady Justice then spoke again.
"The defense may proceed.
" Yeshua then rose from the defense table.
He wore a white robe with blue trim and red sleeves with a bottom border and a neck border of red.
He also wore a small diadem of small diamonds as a crown.
Once again, when he stood up, everyone bowed their heads before him in worship except those at the prosecution table.
He said in summary, "As the true son of man, I have taken the death penalty for every generation of fallen man, including those in this harvest generation.
I also stripped Satan of his authority over the church of the living God.
His gates can no longer prevail against her.
Though through the intercession of my holy bride on earth, the overcoming church of the living God, there has been granted a pause by this court to allow for the fullness of the harvest to come in during the last hearing of this matter in 2015, three years ago in earth's time.
For I spoke on earth as it is written, the gospel of the kingdom shall be preached in all the world, and then the end shall come.
I, by the authority of the prayers and intercession of the bride documented here in this scroll...
" He handed the scroll to the Father and another copy of it to Satan's prosecution table.
"I petition the court for another measure of time for the end-time church to finish and fulfill the promise to my people as it is written that none should perish but all who are truly mine have the opportunity to hear the good news of the gospel and to be saved from perdition.
" As he was speaking, Satan, the handsome man lawyer, was busy reading the scroll feverishly to see if there was truly enough intercession to stop his immediate seizing of the earth and for tribulation to begin.
He was consulting his other diabolical lawyers about it.
Foul language was coming out of his mouth along with hissing and accusing his right-hand man, saying, "You told me that we had destroyed the prayers of the church.
The great awakening has been thwarted.
" Yeshua continued, "As you can see, my faithful bridal remnant has kept the faith, enduring the evil, and continue to overcome.
The blood of the martyrs has proven their faithfulness.
Look at China.
Look at the Middle East.
Look at Africa.
Look at Indonesia.
Look at South America.
Look at the islands of the sea.
Look at my persecuted bride in all nations.
Even America has held, though all of hell has been thrown against her.
The facts speak for themselves.
I have the authority to request another extension of time.
The defense petitions the court for another extension of time and the grace that I purchased by my blood on the cross.
Also, I petition the court to look into the scrolls of the hidden councils written before the foundations of earth regarding the mysteries of the harvest of the end of days.
These Satan has no knowledge of as they were never shown to him.
It is written there as well as in the hidden scripture and in the hidden revelation of scripture that the tribulation beginning the kingdom age must begin only after all of my bride that are ordained to eternal life are saved and come to the knowledge of the truth.
This information can also be found in the scroll given by my hands to the court for eternal record.
The evidence written in this scroll fully confirms and documents our holy and righteous claim, though millions shall come to me and be saved in the tribulation to come.
My holy bride must all be prepared now.
" Then there came a time of silence.
Nobody moved.
The judges on the bench were studying the scroll.
Somehow it had multiplied into 13 scrolls.
All the judges, including the Father, read through the scroll.
I got to get one glance at the writing.
It was written in red.
It was written in the blood of Yeshua.
I was told that by the chronicling angel that was helping me to write.
Amazingly, as I wrote about this, the ink coming out of my pen became blood red as well for the duration of the description of it.
Then it turned back to black ink again.
After some deliberation, there was a vote.
Every judge voted in favor of the saints to extend another time period of grace.
I cannot disclose how long it is at this time.
Finally, the Father, the great judge of all the earth, spoke.
He said, "On the basis of the evidence presented by the defense, I decree that the prosecution has failed to bring a closing to the final days of grace on earth.
An extension of time has been granted to the saints of the overcoming bridal remnant church.
Nevertheless, the birthing pains and judgments on the earth will not be stopped.
" That's what he said right then in our prayer time just before sharing this.
He said, "It will not stop, but I've given you a window.
" And that's what he keeps talking about.
And then I remembered this word.
He said, "The birthing pains are going to increase.
They're going to get really intense now.
Keep going.
Love.
Okay.
Nevertheless, the birthing pains and judgments on the earth will not be stopped.
" Satan has the authority to rule over the tares of the earth, the wicked in darkness by their willing consent according to the tenets of free will given to Adam's race at the beginning of creation.
Both the tares and the wheat have grown up and are now ready to be harvested.
Therefore, the birth pains of judgment shall increase.
Those that will abide with me in the secret place I will provide for and protect.
Those that do not are in more and more peril with each passing day.
Do you understand what he's saying?
So, if you're abiding in him, I told you just when I was in the spirit, he said many people are about to go home because they're riding the fence.
They feel that they're living a life of compromise and it's okay, Brandon.
But what's happening right now is you're a target.
If you do not get your house in order and go be radically on fire, you're a target because Satan's going to pick you off.
He's coming and he's knocking on your door.
If you don't come underneath the covenant and take communion and plead the blood over your family on a day-to-day basis, you're more of a target than the world.
Because he's looking and going, "Listen, I'm going to get them.
They're living a compromising lifestyle.
" I'm not trying to scare you.
I'm trying to prepare you.
The birthing pains are intensifying even more, what I just saw.
And what I just saw going into the next couple years, it's very bad.
This is what the Lord's warning.
I want you to read that just a little bit, love.
Go back up or just continue?
No, just keep going.
Read it a little bit.
Go back up a little bit and then start right there.
Amen.
Satan has the authority to rule over the tares of the earth, the wicked and darkness, by their willing consent according to the tenets of free will given to Adam's race at the beginning of creation.
Both the tares and the wheat have grown up and are now ready to be harvested.
Therefore, the birth pangs of judgment shall increase.
Those that will abide with me in the secret place I will provide for and protect.
Those that do not are in more and more peril with each passing day.
Though I have granted this, the final day of the Lord has indeed come, and the prosecution is correct.
The time of grace upon the earth is nearly over.
Warn my children, this is the midnight hour.
Watch and pray that you can stand in the evil day and overcome.
I am answering the prayers of my kingdom according to earth.
It shall come first in the fire of my holy judgments, but it shall also come in the great awakening that I have promised of revival and outpouring.
The time of my wrath is soon to engulf the earth, but in it I will remember mercy.
My many millions of souls shall be saved and come to the knowledge of the truth.
Then the angel, Lady Justice, came forward and was blindfolded.
She raised a large old-fashioned scale in her hands above her head.
Into one of the bowls, a presiding angel poured a black sand-like powder from a brass urn.
This tipped the scale all the way to the bottom as far as it could descend.
That's just what I saw, the scale.
I just saw that scale tonight in the spirit and it was way down here.
But it was a red scale.
It looked like blood.
It was like a red scale.
This represented the accumulated sin and rebellion of all of mankind as well as the failures of the church in this generation.
Into the other bowl, a presiding angel dressed in a golden robe poured a white sand-like powder from a porcelain white urn that represented the prayers, intercession, and obedience of the overcoming church in generations past as well as the bridal company of our generation.
This is what allows for evil to be restrained.
I was really alarmed because it looked so small at first compared to the amount of black powder in the other bowl.
But the angel kept pouring and suddenly the holy justice scale began to balance out.
Then it was even.
As we all watched, the scale suddenly shifted.
The white bowl went down and the black bowl came up.
There were mighty shouts of praise and victory in the courtroom.
Then the Father raised his golden scepter in his left hand and slammed his gavel down, accompanied by thunderclaps and lightning flashing everywhere with bursts of rainbow colors shooting through the courtroom and said, "The time of grace shall be extended as petitioned by the bride of Messiah for a little longer.
A blank more length of time has been granted to finish the final harvest in the age of grace.
" Note: I have condensed what was spoken in the trial into this brief summary.
I am forbidden to share anymore, though much more was spoken.
You can eventually go to the library of legal proceedings in heaven to access the entire transcript.
Of course, you will probably have to wait for this access until you arrive there, unless granted by the Lord through revelation by the Holy Spirit.
Amen.
Then I was told to sign the recording scroll I had written.
The other four prophet recorders also signed their scrolls.
I noticed that their scrolls were written in different earthly languages.
The most visible was in Chinese.
Then the vision ended and I immediately went to my computer and typed what I saw and heard.
Dearly beloved bride of Messiah, we must labor now while it is light.
Soon it will be night where we cannot labor in the harvest fields of the earth any longer.
People, get ready.
Jesus is coming.
Do you understand it after hearing that, what he's telling you today?
Am I back?
When I was praying and singing "I Surrender All," that vision came up before me, hearing of where we are in these end times.
When I was looking at Jonathan Cahn and the Lord talking about the harbingers and 9/11 and the significance of Rosh Hashanah this year, praying into the revival, praying into the harvest.
Even whenever he said after the rapture of the church, there'll be millions saved.
God wants all of us to come to the saving knowledge of the Lord Jesus Christ, to have a revelation that Jesus died for us and that we accept it and we are born again and we are serving him with all our hearts.
We're running out of time.
You know, this is the book, "The Altar of Pergamon," is what Jonathan Cahn is going to release in the next couple of days or whatever.
That's the book.
But that's not the book I was seeing, praying over this book.
This book is going to be important obviously to him, of what the Lord had him write.
It was interesting he just made the video two days ago.
But you know what?
I was praying about John Kilpatrick's church, Church of His Presence, and seeing about Rosh Hashanah during that time frame of September 11th.
I don't know if he's going to his church or not during that time frame, I don't know, but I was praying about this.
Could be another year, could be another book.
You just never know when you're looking into the future.
But I just want to encourage you tonight as I was listening to that even again that God's given us just this little window.
He's given us this little window and that was years ago.
You know, that was July the 13th, Braden said, of last year we made that video and talking about Adam's lease coming up and where we are.
So, that's where I was praying from, that place.
I don't know if that ministered to you going back over that word, but there's something...
I could feel the fire of the Holy Ghost as I was looking over here.
I won't tell you what I saw, but let's just pray about it.
Father, we just thank you, Father.
Where were you wanting to go with the Lord?
I feel your presence so strong.
We surrender all.
It's about the shaking to awaken the point of no return.
The point of no return.
When he said it last year on September 23rd, he said, "You've entered into the point of no return.
" This is where we are.
This dispensation of grace is coming to an end.
The point of no return for an acceleration.
And here we are just a couple of months away from September the 11th praying over this time frame again like you said, the 23rd of September was a time of the point of no return of last year, and then Benjamin went to the UN and they took the vote against Israel and all the things that took place.
There were only like three people that voted for Israel versus the rest of the world from what I remember concerning Gaza and all that was happening.
Look over that wall.
Look over the wall, Lord.
I see it.
We surrender all.
It's something about Diana.
What is that?
You're about to see people step into giftings that you've never seen before.
You're going to see people walk in healing ministries and demonstrations like we've never seen before.
It will be mysterious to some of you.
Some of you, you've cultivated this and cultivated it and cultivated it.
But you're going to see waves of the spirit, waves of fragrance and presence.
Tell Mama to come here, honey.
I was just seeing about you, honey.
I was saying a cultivation.
But as I was looking over into that, I could see you on the stage again.
And I could see Branson.
I could see Branson so good.
I could see the platforms and the stage of...
it looked like a theater.
I saw it like it was with William Brandon.
There is something different that's about to take place in our ministry and in the ministries that are watching.
I could see the stages of love, but the way the fragrance moves in, because He said, 'I'm going to do something I've never done before, baby.
' I could smell it, the fragrance that you'll carry.
Remember the fragrance—it's the fragrance of Him.
The Holy Spirit has a fragrance.
But as I was looking into it and looking at Branson again, I could see it: the glory, the outpouring, being stationed in Branson, being stationed in places and things that we've talked about.
I can see things that are about to manifest.
I'm telling you, Branson is going to be a hot spot.
Collinsville is going to be a hot spot.
Tulsa, Oklahoma is a hot spot.
John Kilpatrick's church is a hot spot.
Perry Stone's ministry, the youth, is a hot spot.
These hot spots that I keep seeing—Andrew Wommack, do you know the I-35 corridor?
There are hot spots.
Amarillo, there are major, major hot spots.
The crop circles is what I want to call them.
I don't know how—it's just they're like major circles of the glory.
Even in Crescent, even what I'm talking about, God, it's to the ones that will just say yes and yield.
That's why I said He's examining His troops right now.
He's examining His leadership, for the eyes of the Lord run to and fro.
And then yesterday, 'I Surrender All' played, and I said, 'Lord...
' He said, 'I'm done tonight.
I've said what I want to say.
You can pray if you want, bud, or you can end it.
' He was done.
That's why I said, 'I'm done.
If you're done, I'm done.
' What has the pulse been?
I've been feeling His pulse, the heartbeat.
What has this been?
'I Surrender All'—the pulse of where we are.
As He said, 'I'm examining My leaders right now.
' Two videos ago, He said, 'I'm examining My leaders.
' He gave the scripture for the eyes of the Lord.
Get it again: 'For the eyes of the Lord...
' I'm examining...
'Are you a surrendered vessel for Me to use for the courts of heaven?
For the eyes of the Lord run to and fro throughout the whole earth, to show Himself strong on behalf of those whose heart is loyal to Him.
' He's looking for the loyal hearts.
His eyes are examining His church, right?
His eyes are examining His bride, baby.
He said, 'I'm bringing My bride to My side.
I'm looking to see.
' He's looking to see right now what's inside of you—the Refiner.
He's the Refiner that's refining with fire, refining the clay, refining the gold.
As I was looking into it, He's examining His bride.
And that's what it's been.
And then He said, 'Go back to the word for Maurice.
' And we played our video, love, and He said, 'Read it again.
Read it.
' What you read so beautifully on the 13th.
I would have liked it fresh, but I know she's not dolled up like she was on that night, and I'm trying to—I just shelter over you, you know.
I love you, honey.
'For the eyes of the Lord run to and fro throughout the whole earth, to show Himself strong on behalf of those whose heart is loyal to Him.
In this you have done foolishly; therefore...
' I just—when I'm looking into it, I'm looking at what He was talking about for His church.
Where are we?
We are at the last of the last of this.
Are you surrendered?
I'm so excited about it, but I'm so nervous about it because I don't want to let Him down.
I'm like, 'Man, Father, I thank You, Lord.
' Through the trials, through the tribulation, through all the things you go through with refining, this refining comes through these sufferings to bring forth the greater glory.
And people said, 'Brandie, you've got to believe for bigger.
' I believe in the 100,000-seat auditorium, like the Dallas Cowboys stadium, the Arlington stadium, the Texas Rangers stadium.
Yes!
But I see small church gatherings, too.
It won't always just be these massive buildings.
You're going to see churches with just 100, 200, or 300, where the glory of the Lord shows up in signs and wonders.
It's not always about being big.
There might be just a couple hundred people there, 50 people there.
It's in His presence; it doesn't matter about numbers.
It's just Him, the manifested presence of the Lord.
People get caught up on numbers; get caught up in Him.
The glory...
'For the eyes of the Lord run to and fro throughout the whole earth.
' Remember, I saw Hollywood, and I saw celebrities in celebrity homes, and Diana and I went, and there was a group of celebrities, and the glory of the Lord filled the house.
I remember the Lord said, 'This will come.
' And then Brandon Brim said, 'I'm starting a church in Montecito.
' And the Lord said, 'The glory of the Lord is going to show up in these buildings.
I'm going to do a major revival with the celebrities.
' They don't want to go around a lot of public because it's too much of a distraction, but they'll have a glorious outpouring in their homes.
I saw this, and I saw the presence of the Lord filling, and He was touching all the hearts.
I'm excited, Diana.
I'm telling you, I have anticipation tonight.
What I'm seeing again, He said, 'Read it.
' The scales—when He talked about the two years, He said, 'Brandon, this time frame...
' He said, 'You'll enter into an acceleration of time on September the 11th.
' And I'm just praying for that, for the two-year window of that Shemitah cycle.
Jesus, that name above all names.
Thank You, Father.
I don't know where to take it.
I feel His presence so strong on me.
I saw an angel right over here just a second ago, and he was looking, and I wondered what he was wanting to say, but he didn't say anything.
And I was thinking, 'What?
' I feel the glory.
I felt the fire in my face when he entered.
And I was thinking, 'What is that all about?
' But you were reading that prophetic word, love.
If you want, just come down.
You can sit down by me, but you don't have to.
If you want to put your glasses on, maybe she could read some of this.
I'm just feeling His pulse.
Whenever He was talking in that vision, He was saying that the prayers of the saints, the prayers of the righteous, were coming up before Him.
And that was the white and the purity that was in the scale.
And the Lord said, 'I want you to go on YouTube and bring forth prayer people.
Teach them.
Provide an oasis for them to drink every day so that they can get refreshed and go dump it out.
Be an oasis so that they can get refreshed.
' Read books and teach them, like this book.
We brought this book to you, just reading books of old.
This is a newer book, but just of John...
Dr...
the Father Nash book, and just reading over things and going over it and going over it.
Be that place of an oasis so people can get refreshed and go dump it out.
I've done my best.
I only rely on Him so that people can come and drink.
I said, 'I don't know what that looks like.
They're weary.
' We've done our best with it so far.
I try.
Jesus, name above all names.
I'm still trying to figure out what that angel wanted, but I could see him in the vision, and he was standing there, and he was monitoring the room.
And I was thinking, 'What is he doing?
' But he didn't speak, so I didn't know what to say.
So I just sat there and looked, and he was looking over the room in Braden.
He was looking...
I could feel the presence and the glory at my face.
It felt like fire when he entered in.
I said, 'Oh Lord, thank You, Father.
We acknowledge You.
We glorify Your name in all the earth.
We glorify Your name.
Now, Father, we pray over the buildings in New York.
We lift up the buildings.
We lift up President Trump in the name of Jesus as he goes to this game.
Father, we thank you, Lord.
No weapon formed against them will prosper all throughout the city, all throughout the land.
Father, we call forth peace in Jesus' name.
Hey, sorry, I didn't mean to break the prayer.
You're good.
I'm just praying over President Trump.
Lord, it's not that day.
It's not the day.
That's not—see, I told you, too much security.
That's not the day.
The next game, that's not the day.
I see it'll be—we still—he's highlighting the 14th.
Pray over the 14th.
As we're praying over the 14th, it's not about the next game.
This is the time frame.
It's about his birthday.
He is stationing Billy and them in Israel for a reason.
They're all going on that tour.
I see Pastor Candace.
I see them all over there for a reason.
They're going to pray.
There'll be prayer time.
I see a prayer gathering over these people going to this Israel tour.
Lord, there's a planned attack against Israel.
They're going to pray this through.
I see prayer keys as they touch the land.
As they go into Jerusalem, as they go into the uttermost parts, I see a prayer covering going with them.
Pastor Candace and them right now.
They're all headed to—they're going to go to Israel.
And I see a prayer covering is going in with them in Israel.
Billy and the tour.
You hear me?
I know you do.
I see a surprise attack trying to come against Israel in the night.
I see it in the night.
I see a covering of prayer that is being on assignment when we thought, 'Man, it's kind of—I wouldn't go to Israel right now.
' This is a play.
But I see a strategic assignment.
Prayer coverings.
It's very—this is very important.
I see prayer coverings.
Seasoned prayer warriors.
Seasoned prayer warriors, not people that are not seasoned.
I wonder who else is going over there.
I hear seasoned prayer warriors.
It's the WWPs.
Let's pray over their protection as they go.
That's what we're going.
Father, we pray over Billy's group.
We pray over this tour group.
We pray over them right now in the name of Jesus.
A thousand shall fall at their side and ten thousand at their right hand, but nothing shall come nigh them.
We plead the blood of Jesus over Pastor Candace and Pastor Chip.
We pray over Billy and whoever else is going, the family, any of the other family.
We cover them in the blood.
We cover them in the name of Jesus as they go to Israel right now.
They're headed to Israel.
We plead the blood of Jesus over our pastors, over Billy Brim and over her family.
We cover them if Hannah goes, if Shelly or Brenda, we cover all of them in the blood in the name of Jesus.
No weapon formed against them shall prosper.
We plead the blood over them.
If Lynn is going, we cover her in the blood.
We cover the family in the blood.
In the name of Jesus, all tours, every person who's participating in this, the blood of Jesus.
I don't know if Max is going.
We pray over Max, his wife, anybody else.
If they are all going, we cover them in the blood tonight.
And the Lord is stationing them in prayer.
Stationed in prayer.
An acceleration is to come.
I see acceleration.
I see acceleration as you look towards Israel.
The fig tree.
Look at the fig tree.
I see it.
I see a fig tree that is ripe.
I see fig trees that are ready to be picked.
I see figs on a fig tree.
I see the fig tree full of figs.
I see a fig tree full of figs and they're ripe.
I see a fig tree that is full of figs and it is ripe.
And the land will shake and the land will shake and the Mount of Olives will shake.
The land will shake.
I see the Mount of Olives shake.
An earthquake will take place.
I see a shaking.
A shaking on the Mount of Olives.
An earthquake will take place.
Shake, shake.
I see a mount.
The mount shaking.
I see the Mount of Olives shaking.
Shaking, shaking.
Shake, shake it.
Shake, shake.
And you'll see the Vatican shake.
You'll see the Vatican shake.
Shake, I'm going to shake it.
Shake it.
The Dome of the Rock will shake.
I see cracks in the Dome of the Rock, so much so that you can't inhabit it.
It will shake.
The Dome of the Rock will shake.
I see cracks that you can't even go in.
I'm talking uninhabitable.
It will shake.
I see a shaking, a shaking in it.
I'm talking massive cracks, massive cracks.
The Mount of Olives shake.
This will be a sign of the time.
And there will be a shaking in the Catholic Church, a shaking in the Vatican, a shaking across your land, a shaking all across your land with signs and wonders.
Signs and wonders.
These will be signs, signs and wonders.
There'll be signs, signs in the earth, shaking in your earth's crust, shaking in your land, shaking in the land, strategic shakings.
There'll be a shaking in Malibu to tell you that there's a change coming.
I see a shaking in Malibu to tell you there's a change coming.
There'll be shakings in California, unusual.
There'll be shaking.
A change is coming.
Ahead, there's a change coming, a change of my glory, a change of my glory, like it was Azusa Street shaking.
There was an earthquake right before.
You hear me?
A shaking in the land, a shaking in Malibu, a shaking, shaking in Malibu.
There'll be a shaking in Malibu.
This is a sign.
The Lord said, 'This is a sign, this is a sign.
A shaking in Malibu, a shaking in Malibu.
A season of change, a season of glory, a manifestation of my presence, and shaking in Israel, shaking for change.
Shakings of change.
Great shakings across the land, great shaking in the land, great shaking in the land.
I hear the Lord say, 'You'll see a shaking in the land.
You'll see a shaking in the land.
For my time is coming to an end.
' You'll see this.
A shaking in the land.
You'll see a shaking in the Vatican.
You're going to see a shaking and it'll be a shaking in Malibu, a shaking, a sign of a change.
A sign of a change.
It's a changing of a tide, a changing of tide, a changing of the water, a cultivation of new water for a great revival you will see coming across all California, a great revival.
He's going to shake California.
It'll be a shaking in Portland.
A shaking in Portland.
Yeah, he's going to do signs, shaking.
It's shaking and it's going to shake the Dome of the Rock.
It's going to split it.
I see the Dome of the Rock have big cracks in it.
He's going to show you.
He said, 'I'm going to show you the fig tree's full, son.
The figs are ripe.
I told you to watch the fig tree and the fig tree is ripe.
The fig tree is ripe.
' He says, 'The fig tree is ripe.
There's big figs on that fig tree.
Watch the fig tree.
And a shaking in Malibu.
A shaking in Malibu.
The clock is in a motion to bust.
It will be a significant shaking.
It's not a little tremor.
He said, 'I will do a significant shaking in these places and in the Mount of Olives on the Dome of the Rock.
' It's a significant shaking and the walls begin to shake.
This is a sign, this is a sign.
He said the walls were shaken.
Do you hear me?
It is the Lord.
I hear it and I see the Vatican shaking.
The Vatican shaking.
And there'll be unusual earthquakes on false god temples.
I'm bringing those temples down.
Thousand-year-old structures will come to the ground.
Thousands of years old structures will come to the ground.
I'm going to shake those old false temples to the ground.
And this will be a sign that I'm shaking false religion.
I'm shaking the church.
I'm shaking Israel.
And I'm going to shake America.
I'm going to shake it.
He says, "I'm going to shake it.
" And many will see shakings in false temples, false gods' temples, monkey temples.
They're coming to the ground.
He says they're coming to the ground.
I'm shaking false religion.
I'm going to shake false religion.
I'm going to shake it to the ground.
And there'll be a great shaking in it.
There'll be a great shaking.
Oh, I see a shaking.
And this is what's going to happen in the natural, and you're going to see it happen in the spiritual.
A shaking in the spirit realm.
A shaking across this land.
A shaking.
That's what he said.
"I'm going to shake it some.
" It's a season of change for the greater glory.
You'll see the manifestation of the greater glory.
You'll see shaking in the church.
"I told you I will shake the church, Brandon.
I will shake the church.
" And it's not just about the charismatics.
I'm going to shake the Catholic Church.
I'm going to shake the Vatican.
There's 1.
4 billion Catholics.
That's why.
I'm going to shake the Catholic Church.
Yep.
Thousand-year-old temples will fall to the ground.
Shaking, shaking, shaking.
For the fig tree is ripe.
The fig tree is ripe.
There's big figs on that fig tree, and they are ripe.
It's so full.
It looks beautiful.
It's so full, and they're all ripe.
Taste and see.
Watch what happens with Israel.
Watch what happens.
He said, "Shake, shake, shake, shake, shake.
It's a warning to wake up.
" You wake somebody, you shake them.
If she's asleep and I say, "Diana, get up.
Get up.
" And she stays asleep, and next thing I go, "Babe, wake up.
We got to go.
Jesus is coming.
" You shake them.
So a shaking is important to the people who are asleep.
You're already awake, right?
Because you're here at night, whatever time it is.
And they're here and they're praying.
So you already know you're awake, but there's millions, if not billions, that are asleep.
Billions.
And so he had to go, "It's time to shake you.
It's time to shake you.
You got to get up.
" So you're going to see signs of it in the earth.
And the Lord says, "A shaking of change, a shaking of change.
It's time for change.
It's time for change of the glorious church to rise.
" You're going to see it as they bring the bride to his side.
And the church is more than just the charismatic church and the non-denominationals.
He's talking about the Baptists, the Methodists, the Catholics, the Church of Christ, all of them.
He's going to shake the church.
Hallelujah.
Today.
Shake in Africa.
Glory to God, baby.
Hallelujah.
Shake them off.
Shake them, oh Lord.
Shake them.
Wake them up, Father.
Wake them up across the land.
Oh Jesus, wake them up.
Wake them up, Lord.
Come and get us then.
Come and get us.
Let's go home.
I'll get it for you.
Here you go, baby.
You're welcome.
Cough drop.
Isn't Jesus wonderful, Diana?
He wants to shake the land, babe.
He wants to wake people up.
That's out of mercy.
Yeah, some people probably could lose their life.
That could happen.
I can see it.
These are big earthquakes I see.
But it's about shaking up the majority.
There's people that are asleep.
And this will be a sign when the Dome of the Rock is split.
He's going to shake.
That's a sign of shaking the Muslims.
And isn't it interesting, why was I thinking why the Dome of the Rock?
Because that's where Muhammad, I guess, touched down before he went up, right?
He said, "I'm going to shake it.
I'm going to split it.
" I don't remember.
I'm not a Muslim, so I just know that that Rock represents something.
But I saw a shaking of it.
I saw a shaking of Mount of Olives.
Why Mount of Olives?
What's up with the Mount of Olives?
What was that about?
Why is the Mount of Olives important?
I don't know, but I saw a shaking on Mount of Olives.
I heard it.
The Lord said, "I'm going to shake the Mount of Olives.
What's going to happen on Mount of Olives?
" And then he said, "I'm going to shake the Vatican, and I'm going to shake Malibu.
" What's up with Malibu?
Why Malibu?
And then he said, "I'm going to shake Portland.
" Oh, he said, because the season of change is beginning.
"I'm going to bring a revival into Malibu.
" So it must be where the celebrities are.
They live in Salibu, Montecito, Malibu.
Right.
So he said, "I'm bringing...
" It's a symbolization of change.
He's going to bring revival to the celebrities.
He's going to use those celebrities to help bring in the harvest.
That's what he's talking about.
Mel Gibson and using the Passion of the Christ movie.
He's going to use...
there's going to be a shaking, and it'll be a sign.
Signs are coming.
Shake, shake, shake across the land.
Hallelujah.
I'm going to shake the land.
He says, "I'll shake the sand.
" He said, "I'm going to shake the land.
I'm going to shake the sand.
I'm going to shake the mountains.
I'm going to shake the land, shaking false temples with monkeys.
False religion.
" Hallelujah.
Well, praise the Lord.
Praise the Lord.
"I'll shake the land," he says.
"I just want to give him a big hug.
" Now I understand why the angel was there.
He was watching over that word.
He knew it was coming.
Hallelujah.
I'm going to shake the world.
Shake it.
Shake it, Lord.
Let's do it.
Let's go.
Be a bride.
That Dome of the Rock.
Yep.
See, he's going to shake that gold thing.
He's going to shake it, son.
It's going to be a sign.
Signs shaking the Muslim faith, shaking the Catholics, shaking the representation of the Christian church, shaking politics.
I don't know what that maybe Malibu, Hollywood.
That's a representation of Hollywood, I guess.
Shaking of false religions.
You'd think it would be Hollywood Hills, but something about Malibu.
Why Malibu?
That's interesting to me.
Thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Lord, for all you have in store.
We magnify you, Lord.
Glory, glory, glory.
And in that day, his feet will stand on the Mount of Olives.
That's cool.
What is that?
Zechariah 14:4.
"And in that day, his feet will stand on the Mount of Olives, which faces Jerusalem on the east, and the Mount of Olives shall be split in two from the east to the west, making a very large valley.
Half of the mountain shall move toward the north and half of it toward the south.
" Is this when he returns?
I think so.
Zechariah, yes.
So that's the earthquake.
"I'm going to shake the Mount of Olives.
And in that day, his feet will stand on the Mount of Olives, which faces Jerusalem on the east, and the Mount of Olives shall be split in two from the east to the west, making a very large valley.
Half of the mountain shall move toward the north and half of it toward the south.
" So it will shake Jerusalem.
It will shake that false god Dome of the Rock.
He's going to split it.
"I'm going to shake the Mount of Olives, son.
The fig tree is...
" Oh, goodness gracious, Lord.
I could run around the house.
That is so cool.
Good find, Braden.
That is so cool, buddy.
Hallelujah.
That's what I saw.
It's a big earthquake.
I said it's not a little earthquake; it's going to be big.
I'm going to say he's going to split it.
And in that day, his feet will stand on the Mount of Olives which faces Jerusalem on the east.
So he's going to shake the temple with it; it's going to split it.
And the Mount of Olives shall be split in two from the east to the west, making a very large valley.
Just think of what that's going to do to that temple.
That's going to split that temple.
I saw massive—it was uninhabitable.
Half of the mountain shall be moved toward the north, and half toward the south.
I wonder, is that whenever he actually comes back in the Tribulation?
That's when that's touchdown.
So I'm looking after the seven years.
Well, I want it now, Lord.
Let's do it today.
Well, the other part was about Malibu.
He said, 'Pray for Malibu.
A change is coming.
' So then he said, 'Pray for that.
' And then I saw a shaking of the Catholic Church.
And I believe that's now.
So I wonder if part of it is for later and part of it's now, because I'm hearing all in the spirit.
That's pretty cool, y'all.
That's pretty cool right there.
The scripture: 'Behold, the day of the Lord is coming, and your spoil will be divided in your midst.
For I will gather all the nations to battle against Jerusalem.
The city shall be taken, the houses rifled, and the women ravished.
Half of the city shall go into captivity, but the remnant of the people shall not be cut off from the city.
' Then the Lord will go forth and fight against those nations, as he fights in the day of battle.
And in that day, his feet will stand on the Mount of Olives, which faces Jerusalem on the east.
So he is coming back with vengeance.
He's coming back as a lion—the Lion.
Oh, what a day!
This is going to be amazing.
Do you get excited?
I just get excited.
He's coming.
The King is coming.
I'm going to shake the land.
But there was major shaking—shaking in false religion, shaking in that.
'I'm going to shake the land.
' And he says, 'I get excited.
' Hallelujah.
And it shall come to pass in that day that there will be no light, and the light will diminish.
It shall be one day which is known to the Lord, neither day nor night, but at evening time it shall happen that it will be light.
That's going to be wild.
And in that day, living waters shall flow from Jerusalem.
Hallelujah.
Well, I pray you got something out of that tonight.
It sure blessed me.
I'm glad I stayed a little late.
I kept y'all until after midnight here in Central, but glory to God for his time and what he has to share.
And thank you for showing up.
You helped pull that out.
I appreciate that you're here, baby.
I love you.
I have to say, you have to stick around me more often.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for this time of prayer tonight.
The fig trees were beautiful and full of figs.
The leaves were beautiful.
It was ready for picking.
What does it represent?
He said, 'Watch the fig tree.
Watch the fig tree.
' And we'll leave you with that.
Keep your eyes to the sky.
Jesus Christ is coming, ladies and gentlemen.
And there's a shaking in all these areas.
We know what's happening, and we're not scared about it at all.
We're not freaked out; we're not upset.
Why?
Because we know our eyes are on him.
And Jesus Christ is going to shake this land, and we're going to see a major harvest.
He's bringing the bride to his side, and I'm excited; I'm a part of it.
Are you?
We will be the generation that doesn't taste death.
We will see our Father, and he's coming sooner than we think.
I'm excited, and you should be too.
We love y'all.
Thank you for joining us tonight.
Remember, put a smile on your face.
Hold on.
If you've never accepted Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal Savior, tonight's your night.
I'll say a simple prayer with you.
I know I've kept you late, but this is the most important decision you could ever make.
You say, 'Well, Brandon, I don't know if Jesus will ever accept me.
' Oh, he is waiting with open arms.
If you've never accepted Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal Savior, there might just be a few of you.
Millions have come, but there's still room for one.
Is your all on the altar?
A sacrifice made.
Does the Spirit control?
For millions have come, but there's still room for one—you—as you yield him your body and soul.
I just want you to repeat this prayer after me.
Say, 'Jesus, I believe you are the Son of God.
I believe you died for me and you rose again on the third day.
And you're now seated at the right hand of the Father making intercession for me.
Jesus, I'm a sinner, and I repent of my sins tonight.
Jesus, forgive me of my sins as of tonight.
Lord, I turn my back on the sin.
I turn my back on the devil and what I've been doing in the past.
I dedicate my life to you.
I give my life to you.
Write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
From this day forward, I'll serve you with all I have.
Jesus, I make you my Lord and personal Savior.
And if I die tonight, Lord, I'll be with you in paradise forever.
Thank you, Lord, that today I'm saved and I've got a fresh, clean start.
Thank you, Lord, that you've invited me into your home.
You've invited me to be your son, your daughter.
And I believe that I am born again today in Jesus' name.
Amen.
' I believe if you just said that prayer, you just asked Jesus Christ to be your Lord and personal Savior.
It's not something religious; it's about relationship, and it's of the heart.
And I believe if you just did that, you just invited Jesus Christ to be your Lord and personal Savior.
Now, what do you do?
You go to a Bible-believing church.
Go in there, tell them, say, 'Hey, listen.
I got born again watching some guy...
I said the sinner's prayer watching some guy on YouTube.
I want to be water baptized.
' Get water baptized, get plugged into that church, read your Bible every day, and pray.
If you don't have a Bible, we will send you a Bible absolutely free just to say, 'Hey, congratulations.
We love you.
We're excited you're here.
' If you said that prayer tonight and you want that Bible, all you have to do is email us in the description down below.
Put in the headline, 'I got saved.
' Give us your name, your address.
We will never solicit you or try to bother you ever again.
We just want to tell you congratulations on accepting Jesus Christ and what kind of wonderful decision you've made.
We want to love on you.
Thank you for being here.
And if you said that prayer tonight, welcome to the family.
To you that have been backsliding and not been living right, welcome back home.
We're not here to judge you and beat you down.
We're just here to love you and to say, 'Welcome home, soldier.
Welcome home, daughter.
Welcome home, son.
We're excited you came back home.
' Jesus has never left you and never forsook you.
He's always been there with his arms wide open, just loving on you.
He's an ever-present help in a time of need.
He's always been there, and he's always loving on you.
He's always looking.
He saved the best for last.
And you've come to the kingdom for such a time as this.
Even tonight, in the middle of the night, you've come to the kingdom for such a time as this.
'Welcome home, son, daughter.
' That's what he's saying.
Isn't that wonderful?
I don't know if anybody said the prayer tonight, but Braden, doing the math—we did it really quick for you—sixteen of you did it.
So all sixteen of you, welcome home.
That's wonderful.
Welcome home.
I'm excited you all said the prayer tonight with us.
Isn't Jesus wonderful?
Well, as we close now, thank you for being with us.
It's Wednesday night, late tonight.
Now it's already Thursday.
We'll be back again to pray with y'all some more.
We're so thankful for your time.
Thank you for being with us.
We pray you were richly blessed and you're stirred up in your spirit, excited, and Jesus Christ is coming.
I'm excited.
I'm glad I showed up.
So, we'll go over this book next time, I believe.
Maybe if I pull Diana away from her other duties and have her come over and read to me, I love it when she's able to.
She's so busy.
You all pray for Diana.
She needs strength.
She works her tail feathers off.
I told her, I said, 'Baby, I've never seen somebody work as hard as you do.
' But, very thankful for her and even being able to spend time with me tonight.
So thankful.
I'm excited when you come.
I got my girlfriend with me.
So, I love you all.
We love you.
Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you and we love you.
God bless you and we'll see you again soon.
Bye-bye.